All right.
We're wrapping up with our AWOS Python and both of Rickers.
And before we wrap up let's check out and see what we have this Khowar and this extenso Coral's ON A
W-S Python and both all three and see what have you learned and the scores in this course you learned
how to create your own AWOS API credentials.
We checked out the I am identity and access management in its a name and we created our own AWOS API
credentials using the Amazon.
I am again.
And then we install and actually you learn to install Python 3 AWOS Seelye PI charme ID and prepare
down with your own AWOS credentials and then we also install both all three on top of those and configured
our environment.
And then we checked out what were going to build through the course we checked out the diagram of what
were going to build and it was consisting of a PC and through subnets an internet gateway a root table
for internet access and an outer room table for private access and the subsequent resources like routes
security groups key payers for you see two instances.
And most importantly of course there were two easy two instances launched by us on a W-S and we learnt
how to use autocomplete feature on pie charts with both Three thanks to the PI both of 3 library and
I'm again saying you that you should definitely use that Bible for three library whenever you implement
anything with Python on AWOS.
It's quite useful and an amazing library with a simplicity and gives you all the benefits of both three
and Python on AWOS.
And one of the most important parts of this course was to learning the Bothell 3 documentation and how
to use that in our most of the videos.
And in a specific video about that we learned how to check out the both or three documentation and how
to navigate decode code samples and arguments and return types and all about the AWOS using both A-3
and Python.
And in the latter part of our course we started creating our own BPC and after recreated our PC and
tagged with our own name our specific name the large two subnets one of them was public and the other
one was private and then we created an Internet gateway so that our public net and their subsequent
resources could access internet and let the traffic flow into them.
And after creating our Internet Gateway we created ourselves a public route table and the subsequent
routes for the Internet access for example for the internet gateway and we created our own security
groups and their rules like SS aging for port 22 and for HTP port 80 and then we've moved on to our
easy to part and we created a key pair to lounge are easy to instances and connect to them from anywhere
in the world or with the specific IP address that we could define in security groups.
And after we created our key pairs be large two easy two instances.
One of them was in the public that with the auto assigned IP address was enabled.
When we launched our easy to instance and it could assign itself a public IP address IP version 4 address
actually and the other easy to instance was in the private subnet so that you see to instance who was
blocked to the outside world.
So it could be only accessed through the private subnet or the resources of the public subnet and with
our public subnet we added a user data a piece of code a code snippet that could run when we launch
are easy to instance.
And within that code snippet we defined a 82 piece for ADD we added an HDMI file inside that HTP server
and we had launched on easy to watch.
And that way we could have a page up and running would be automatically large are easy to instance from
our Python both those three and AWOS.